docs: Update postgres data pruning documentation. (#127)
algorand/conduit: conduit/plugins/exporters/postgresql/README.md

The delete-task prunes old transactions according to its configuration. This can be used to limit the size of the database.

### Pruning an Existing Database

> The first run after enabling pruning for an existing database must delete all of the older transactions. For many configurations, this process may take many hours or days. While the initial delete is in progress, the transaction table will be locked, and you'll see database errors in the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first run after enabling pruning for an existing (already populated) database must delete all of the older transactions. For some configurations, this process may take many hours or days. While the initial delete is in progress, the transaction table will be locked, and you'll see database errors in the log.
```

Author: `existing` and `already populated` are trying to say the same thing. How about this:
```suggestion
The first run after enabling pruning for a pre-existing database must delete all of the older transactions. This process may take many hours. While the initial delete is in progress, the transaction table will be locked, and you'll see database errors in the log.
```

Reviewer: ok I'm fine with that, just a nit anyway. I think "existing" to me doesn't imply that it necessarily already has data in it.

Author: Great, thanks Anne. It also refers to "all of the older transactions", so hopefully people recognize it as a complete idea.

> 

Author: Good to know. We should keep this in mind if it becomes an issue.

### Cloud Database Optimization

Many cloud databases like RDS will allocate storage as needed. Once allocated, they typically do not deallocate the storage if it is no longer needed. To realize the benefits of data pruning, you should consider migrating to a new database to reset the allocated storage. You can do this by starting a new deployment from scratch.

> 

Author: This is trying to refer to the underlying S3 storage. Maybe allocate is the wrong word here. How about "extend"?

> 

Reviewer 2: I see. Maybe this is a bit too much in the weeds of cloud DB configuration. But I could see an argument for leaving this bread crumb around.

> 

Reviewer: I'm also a little hesitant about keeping this note around. 

This only applies to people adding data pruning to an existing database, right?

> 

Author: It's a detail I wasn't aware of that probably applies to most indexer runners (today) who may be interested in this feature. In the future, when there are fewer 2.x deployments, it may not be very relevant.

> Many cloud databases like RDS will allocate storage as needed when needed. Once allocated, they typically do not deallocate the storage if it is no longer needed. To realize the benefits of data pruning, you should consider migrating to a new database to reset the allocated storage. You can do this by starting a new deployment from scratch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many cloud databases like RDS will allocate storage as needed. Once allocated, they typically do not deallocate the storage if it is no longer needed. To realize the benefits of data pruning, you should consider migrating to a new database to reset the allocated storage. You can do this by starting a new deployment from scratch.
```
Wasn't sure if the `when needed` was a leftover of a previous version.
